[all screaming]
[Enzo's screams
drowning out others]
[Baines praying indistinctly]
[rowdy rock music playing]
Don't think we're finished just
because you blew up the plane!
We won't be finished until you
join my brother. half-breed!
Do me a favor. Try not
to die in the fall!
So I can kill you myself.
in case that wasn't clear!
Try not to die?
No problem!
[music trails off]
["Rollin' (Air Raid Vehicle)"
[by Limp Bizkit playing]
♪ Your… your… your hands up ♪
♪ Throw your hands up
Throw your hands up ♪
♪ Move in. now move out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up Tell me
what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Breathe in. now breathe out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up Tell me
what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Keep rollin'. rollin'
Rollin'. rollin' ♪
♪ Hey. ladies. hey. fellas ♪
♪ And the people that
don't give a ♪♪♪♪ ♪
♪ All the lovers.
all the haters ♪
♪ And all the people That
call themselves players ♪
♪ Hot mommas. pimp daddies ♪
♪ And the people
rollin' up in Caddies ♪
♪ Hey. rockers. hip-hoppers ♪
♪ And everybody all
around the world ♪
♪ Move in. now move out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up Tell me
what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Breathe in. now breathe out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up Tell me
what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Keep rollin' Rollin'.
rollin'. rollin' ♪
[song trails off]
[door clatters. squeaks]
[throaty growl]
[unsettling. suspenseful
music playing]
[gasps]
[plant demon snarls]
Any luck finding the
vermin we're infested with?
Go. See to your other mission.
Plasma and I can take
care of the sapien bitch.
Well. I can.
[in Makaian] For Makai.
For Makai.
[suspenseful music playing]
Oh. damn! Whatever's going on in there.
they better be paying us overtime.
You boys coming from
the attack site?
Yes. sir. PR's gonna have a hell
of a time explaining that mess.
Any equipment worth
salvaging is in the truck.
Find a position
on the perimeter.
We can't go inside because
of the high-tension current.
But the second these
doors open. we move.
[eerie. unsettling
music playing]
[demons slavering]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
It's Cavaliere. get up!
Do we finally get a
crack at these intruders?
We move out to battle.
[demon cackles]
[grunting]
[panting]
[tense. mysterious
music playing]
[door rattling]
[rapid beeping in distance]
[groans]
It's just the drugs.
I'm hallucinating.
Fuck.
[distorted snarl]
[heartbeat pulsing]
[weakly] Do it.
[heartbeat intensifies]
Please.
- [gunshot]
- [monitor flatlines]
Lieutenant. Whew!
You almost got me there.
Man. am I glad to see you.
You too.
[tense. eerie music playing]
Dante! [Enzo yelps]
You've gotta do something!
Any suggestions?
I don't know. Maybe try turning
your arm spiky again. huh?
[sputtering] Why can't you be one of
them rich superheroes with flying armor.
or a parachute in your
belt or some shit.
[Dante] Parachute!
[rowdy rock music playing]
[Dante] Whoo!
[woman screaming]
Gotcha.
My first time
using one of these.
Actually. it's my first time
being on a plane too. [chuckles]
Don't worry. I'm sure this will
go much better than that did.
Dante. wake up.
You're going to live.
[man screaming]
[Dante] I feel weird!
I feel weird too!
We're falling through the
sky at 100 miles an hour!
- Ooh. it's a weird feeling!
- [Dante groaning]
- How'd you make it out?
- Luck. I guess.
Gimme your gun.
[medical monitors beeping]
[yells]
[trigger clicking]
Hey. weren't they
all dead already?
Yeah. They'll be harder to study
in a hundred fucking pieces.
We're one floor from the top.
The amulet's still up there.
Let's go see what that Roger
fucking Rabbit reject's been doing.
The only stairs up are
at the end of the hall.
I've been on this floor for a while.
I had time for a little recon.
[taut. enigmatic music playing]
[Mary] Did you go inside
any of the apartments?
No. Did you?
One of them.
It's not humans the Rabbit has
locked in here. it's demons.
But they were… different.
They care for each
other. like a family.
But they're still demons. right?
Not like the ones I
signed up to kill.
I think it might be more
complicated than that.
It reminded me of something
my team and I saw once.
It doesn't matter right now.
I don't think it's
complicated at all.
They are demons. We
are demon hunters.
Believe me. Lieutenant. nothing
good ever came out of Makai.
You mean "the demon realm."
[chortles]
[Plasma] You just
did me a favor.
Now it doesn't have
to be a fair fight.
[cries out]
There you are.
[Mary] Wait!
[groaning]
Let's negotiate.
Your current position doesn't
seem to offer much leverage.
And you wouldn't have had to play dress-up
if this was just about killing me.
I'm guessing the Rabbit gave
you a different mission?
Infiltrate DARKCOM.
[booming thuds]
What's your point?
You've been wearing the
body of a low-level recruit.
I'm an officer. I can
go places he can't.
I can give you
information. passcodes.
as long as I'm alive to do it.
[Plasma trills]
[boom]
Wait.
You're the one
Rabbit wanted most.
It will be an honor to present
him your poison-bloated corpse.
[gasps]
Looks like you killed
the wrong bitch.
[menacing metal music playing]
[music trails off]
[Enzo] Dante! What's happening?
[delicate. mysterious
music playing]
Son of Sparda.
Your father left this for
you. Always keep it safe.
They're here!
Where's your brother?
Hide here. I have
to find Vergil.
- [heart beating]
- [Dante's mother screams]
[bellows]
[epic symphonic
metal music building]
♪ Nothing can save you
When there's no way out ♪
[sonic boom echoes]
♪ Shine. shine. shine
It's getting bigger ♪
♪ Bang. bang. bang ♪
♪ Pull my devil trigger ♪
[Enzo] Hey! You got wings?
So flap your ass down
here and save us already!
[screams]
No! No. Get away from me!
You're one of them! Get away!
Then fall!
[arcane energy crackling]
You see. soldier? Even the
Devil can do God's work.
Hey. kid?
[straining]
Dante!
[taut. measured melody rising]
[disbelievingly] Whoa.
[Enzo] Whoa.
♪ Embrace the darkness
that's inside me ♪
[Enzo] You're the frickin'
son of Sparda. baby!
[distorted whooshing]
[suspenseful music playing]
[foreboding chords tolling]
Time to change up the odds.
Here we go! Move. move. move!
[bomb trills. beeps]
Stay back!
Do not approach the
building! It's a trap!
[static crackles]
Repeat! It's a trap!
[rapid beeping]
- Back! Everyone back!
- Repeat!
[distorted whoosh]
Nice to see you got in
touch with your demon side.
I'd have felt all silly
revenge-killing a human.
You know what I felt when
I killed your brother?
Nothing.
[aggressive metal music playing]
[Dante] You took
something from me.
I'll kill as many of you as
I have to to get it back.
Then I'll kill the rest.
Where is my necklace?
[metal creaking. groaning]
[haltingly] Rabbit has it.
I don't… I don't know.
[dark. urgent music rising]
[music halts]
[explosion in distance]
I think you just told me.
[static crackling]
Status report.
Two casualties. but the
rest of us are still here.
Thank Christ. I already
lost one team today.
I thought I'd lost you all too.
It's damn good to hear
your voice. Lieutenant.
There's something
else you need to hear.
Get everyone on the line.
To any dem… To any
Makaian who can hear me.
this is Lieutenant Mary Ann
Arkham of DARKCOM speaking.
I know you're not
here to attack anyone.
I know you only
came to this realm
because you can't survive
where you're from.
And I know the White Rabbit
keeps you trapped and in fear.
That ends now.
My team is gonna come in and
take you all somewhere safe.
This is a rescue mission only.
I know you might have been…
hurt before by people like us.
[low. keening wail]
But you're not our enemy.
The Rabbit is.
And every bit of pain he's caused.
we're gonna pay him back in full.
Is that understood?
Uh. the words. yeah.
The reason…
[Mary] The reason is that the
demons here aren't fighters.
They're refugees.
The Rabbit has a device that
lets them travel between realms.
They had no choice
but to go with him.
I'm alive because
those demons helped me.
I owe them this.
So. what do we do with them?
Load them on the trucks and take
them to HQ. I'll meet you there.
What are you gonna do?
I'm gonna make it so the
Rabbit needs a magician
to pull him out of
his own asshole.
[energy waning]
Still only a half-breed.
[both grunting]
[groaning]
Rabbit's not here right now.
Would you like to
leave a message?
[Mary] Yeah.
[Dante] I know you.
- Lady…
- What the hell happened to you?
You were right.
I am part demon.
Yeah. no shit.
What made the rusted gears
in your brain finally click?
I turned into one
five minutes ago.
You must be telling the truth.
Even you couldn't make up
something that fucking stupid.
You're not gonna change
again though. right?
No. it doesn't feel like it.
So. you're here for
my necklace too. huh?
How did you know where it was?
I followed the explosions.
Generally a good rule
of thumb in life.
Mmm. You're not
gonna shoot me then?
What about burn me alive?
Inject a bomb in me somewhere?
Trick me into holding a grenade
that blows up in my hand?
Let's find the amulet
first. then we'll see.
[Mary] It should be right…
here.
[tense. uncertain music playing]
[grunts]
Sick motherfucker.
So just to confirm. my
necklace is here. or…?
[faint beeping]
[beeping continues]
Dante…
[coldly] …and Lieutenant Arkham.
I presume this means Rudra is…
Currently seeping
into your floorboards.
Hmm.
He will be remembered
as a martyr.
It's you I was
calling for anyway.
[footsteps approaching]
You're here to
take us to safety?
[whimpers]
[Baines] Sergeant. this is
William Baines. Do you copy?
Mr. Vice President?
What's going on out there?
Is the amulet secure?
Not so rough.
[winces] It was better being
captured by the other guys.
What?
Why would you bring demons
back to headquarters alive?
Because they're refugees. sir.
The idea of refugees from Hell did not
immediately strike you as contradictory?
[unsettling. dissonant
music building]
[whimpers anxiously]
You should know. your
little trap backfired.
I shut down your fucking
Nazi Frankenstein lab.
The families you had locked up here
are being evacuated as we speak.
It's over.
All trivialities.
Means to an end.
But your point
stands. Lieutenant.
It is over.
My army is about to
descend on this city.
causing unimaginable death.
unless Dante comes
to meet us first.
- You have 30...
- This doesn't make sense.
Which part exactly?
Come on. he's obviously baiting me into
some new insanely complicated setup.
- It's his thing.
- But why?
What's changed?
He has the entire amulet
and Sparda's sword.
Everything he needs
to collapse the wall.
Why the fuck haven't
you done it already?
You tell me. Lieutenant.
He had the chance to
kill you and he didn't.
Why keep you alive?
What is it about you?
I'm the son of
Sparda. if that helps.
What?!
Dante has Sparda's DNA.
Sparda must have used his own
blood in making the wall somehow.
because of course
he fucking did.
That's what you need.
Dante's blood.
But something in his DNA was dormant
until he went demon just now.
which is why it wouldn't
have worked before.
Fuck you. Thumper.
I figured it out.
I know exactly
what you're doing.
Yes. and we both know Dante is
arrogant enough he'll come anyway.
["Faceless Cries" by
Power Glove playing]
[Plasma gurgling]
[brooding. suspenseful
music playing]
Jesus H.
♪ Erase the light ♪
Took you guys long enough.
All good here. just a
whole bunch of dead ones.
♪ Turned inside ♪
♪ From a faith unholy ♪
That poison of yours
has a mean kick.
But not as much as those
bullets from the looks of it.
Thirty minutes. son of Sparda.
If you're not here in that time.
or if there's any hint of DARKCOM
or the military approaching.
then I give the
command to strike.
Attention DARKCOM personnel.
This is Vice President Baines.
I am directly authorizing
a change to your orders.
♪ Faceless cries ♪
What's happening. Mom?
♪ Turned inside ♪
♪ From a faith unholy ♪
Liquidate the demon invaders.
All of them.
This world's reckoning
is already in motion.
All you can do now
is ease its passing.
Me against an entire army.
Sounds easy enough.
What'd you find?
It wasn't just
about your amulet.
It was about…
It was about
eviscerating DARKCOM.
All of them. Every one.
Maybe we can't take this
world from you murderous apes.
but we can show you Hell.
[determined seething]
For Makai!
[music swells]
♪ Faceless cries ♪
["Devils Never Cry" plays]
♪ Bless me ♪
♪ With the leaf
off of the tree ♪
♪ On it. I see ♪
♪ The freedom reign ♪
♪ We are falling ♪
♪ The light is calling ♪
♪ Tears inside me ♪
♪ Calm me down ♪
♪ Midnight calling ♪
♪ Mist of resolving ♪
♪ Crown me ♪
♪ With the pure. green leaf ♪
♪ Praise to my father ♪
♪ Blessed by the water ♪
♪ Black light. dark sky ♪
IN MEMORY OF KEVIN
CONROY (1955-2022)
♪ The devil's cry ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm